-The "Today" show?
-We are talking to
Pulitzer Prize-winning author
Lindy Littlejohn about her
sensational new short story.
-Reality check.
you didn't fucking write it.
-You know. everything
I write provokes someone.
-I'm acting perfectly normal!
-Maybe control
is his love language.
-You ran out saying
someone could be dead.
-Yeah. Lindy is--
Lindy is having a hard time.
Richard:
As our size decreased.
our proportional strength
increased.
-[cheers]
-This is your time.
-Tell me it's my turn.
-My turn is yet
to win me the Nobel.
-The Nobel? [laughs]
Les: How can I trust you
if you're gonna expose me
like that?
-Don't trust me then!
-So the seizures have nothing
to do with miniaturization?
-Completely unrelated.
-Lindy?
-Right here. Les.
And I can take care of myself.
-Lindy? Is that you?
-She was going to leave me.
It was an accident.
-Until you are honest.
you are fucked.
-She left us. didn't she?
-Lindy was on the "Today" show
this morning.
-What? What? What?!
Truth is.
I miniaturized you...
on purpose.
[upbeat music playing]
[cat purring]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
-Whatever.
[meows]
-If I was Mom.
what would my password be?
[meows. purrs]
-Oh. yeah.
"'Darling Daughter'
by Lindy McMichael Littlejohn.
"What if I told you I spent
nine months building a jail.
"only to sentence myself
to a lifetime in prison?
"That. I've discovered.
is what motherhood actually is.
"From her adorable baby's face.
those demonic eyes stare out.
"Laughing at me.
'Yes.' she's saying.
"'I've ruined
your fucking day again.'
"'Mommy!' She cries.
"Her voice a razor blade
to my ears.
"I want her to call out for me.
"I wanna be there for her.
"I want my maternal instinct
to kick in.
"Why won't it?
"I dream of a life
without a daughter.
"sucking at the teat
of inspiration.
"preventing me from being...
"fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
fuck. fuck. fuck."
Fuck. Mom hates me.
-[meows]
[light music playing]
♪ Maybe it's much ♪
♪ Too early in the game ♪
♪ But I thought ♪
♪ I'd ask you just the same ♪
[food sizzling]
♪ What are you doing ♪
♪ New Year's... ♪
-Got your invitation.
-[Lindy gasps]
A New Year's Eve brunch for me?
I mean. I'm honored.
But what. uh.
what prompted this?
-A new perspective.
-Huh.
-I'm embracing
my six-inch self.
But I realized
I've been kind of a jerk.
-Hey. jerk is strong.
given the circumstances.
-See? You've been nothing
but kind. Richard.
And I wanted you to know.
I am grateful for you
and your company.
-"The course of true love
never did run smooth."
Shakespeare.
-No.
New year. new me.
I'm sorry.
-Mom always says.
it's never too late
to begin again.
-Oh. your mom.
So wise.
-Right?
-To new beginnings.
-You know what else
my mom said--
-Should we eat?
It's just gonna get cold.
I think.
-Okay.
[elecronic music playing]
[soft beeping]
[all gasping]
-Oh.
-A tremendous success.
Subject expanded to regular size
and stabilized for two minutes
and 3.3 seconds.
An increase of one minute
and 32.7 seconds!
all: Yes!
-Whoo! Science progress!
Yeah! Oh.
-Well done.
-Yeah! Great job.
-That is well done.
-Great job.
-Well done.
-Yeah. Slowing the reaction
down. way. way down
helped. um...
-Yes. The. uh. nuclei
need time...
Les: Yeah.
-...which is acceptable...
Les: Yes.
-...to form stronger bonds.
-Yes. Uh. it's fundamental
to--yes.
for those fragile--uh.
to cement those connections.
-The--or. uh. alliances.
-Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
-Yes.
-Are we talking
about science?
-Yes. Hilton.
We're always talking
about science.
This is a lab of science.
-Okay. Well. I heard a bang.
and then. there was. like.
a cheer of release.
so my mind went there.
It was in my head.
Is there good news?
-It was a big win. yes.
Slowing the expansion
of the corn
mitigated the molecular
disequilibrium. yes.
-Translation.
it's remarkable progress.
-Fuck yeah.
We should celebrate.
I'm having a New Year's Eve
shindig tonight at my place.
Gonna be amazing food.
crazy guest list.
and you are all invited.
-Wait. it's New Year's Eve?
Uh. I can't go.
Uh. it's my anniversary.
-Oh. Just bring Lindy.
It'll be great to see her again.
-Well. well. uh...
-[Hilton chuckles]
-I only organize
fantastic parties.
You gotta come.
Done. Set. Happy.
See you all there.
Whoo!
-Translation. see you all there
means Les only.
And you can't say no.
[phone dings and buzzes]
-Do you think
you'll bring Lindy?
-Um. I don't know.
I mean. I--it's--uh.
I don't know.
Lindy [on recording]: Hey.
I've done  a lot of thinking.
and I'm embracing
my six-inch self
so. New Year. new me.
I forgive you
for shrinking me on purpose.
Meet me in the dollhouse.
I have an anniversary
surprise for you.
-[chuckles]
woman: Oh. the missus?
She left.
-Was she mad?
woman: She had two glasses
of wine and left.
-So she was mad.
Maybe disappointed.
-That's worse. Isn't it?
-Happy New Year.
[Charlie sighs]
woman: Charlie.
what's happening?
[door closes]
[woman on TV gasps]
He shouldn't be alone
right now.
man: Let him go.
-Hi.
-Hey. Lindy.
-Hey. Les.
Happy anniversary.
-It's okay. Lay into me. I...
I deserve it.
Lindy: You do.
But I understand.
-You do?
Lindy: You're caught up
in your work.
And when you're in it.
you can lose track
of birthdays. holidays.
I know I do. Did.
You supported me
in the way I needed it.
so I'm supporting you.
-Okay.
-Uh-hmm.
So I was mad.
I mean. I was alone
in a restaurant
on New Year's Eve.
But then.
I came home and I got cozy.
and I was gonna watch
the ball drop with Lulu.
but she won't come out
of her room.
Probably something to do
with Steffy.
And so. I opened up a bottle
of your do-not-touch-until-never
wine.
And now I feel better.
-I love you.
-I love you too.
Feel free to apologize
profusely.
-Yeah.
-And maybe next time
bring me those chocolates
I like from the drugstore.
-I am sorry and I apologize
profusely for. um.
disappointing you and
for forgetting our anniversary.
-I forgive you.
[both chuckle]
-It's. like. the big box.
-Yeah.
-Well. happy anniversary.
-Happy anniversary.
-All right. All is forgiven.
Les: Lindy?
Oh. Lindy... [chuckles]
[doorbell rings]
Lindy?
You got me intrigued.
-Happy anniversary. honey!
-Happy anniversary.
Lindy: Oh. you remembered!
[suspenseful music playing]
-What is that?
-Your surprise.
-Oh. I--it's not
what you think. Les.
-It's exactly what you think.
-Uh. Richard?
Is that really you?
-Yeah.
Richard Paul Wear
from your fucking lab.
-This is not how I foresaw us
having this conversation.
-You and him--and her? What?
You thought we would have
a conversation?
What?
-One day.
As gentlemen.
-How long?
-Forever.
-Six and a half months. Barely.
-Uh. why him?
-He's not you!
-It was a chance encounter.
Um. but you have--
Les: Lindy. how could you?
Because I...
I told you the truth.
I poured my heart out to you.
I was vulnerable.
And now this? Why? Why?
-I did it...on purpose!
-On purpose?
-Yeah. he knows why.
-But you forgave me.
-I lied! [laughs]
-How dare you.
Lindy: How dare me?
So. you can lie.
leave a voice note. and what?
You're Abraham Lincoln?
-You baited me
on a voice note.
and then you exploited
our wedding anniversary.
and then you reveal
you're having an affair
with my physicist?
How is that the same?
-It's not.
It's meant to be worse!
-I was lying to be kind...
-No. no.
-...to spare your feelings.
-A lie is a lie!
-As someone who has been
lied to as well.
-You! You're my colleague.
-Yes.
Les: That's my wife.
-I know.
-Richard.
what in the name of science?
Like. what the...
[shouts] fuck?!
[both shriek]
-What the fucking fuck?!
Fuck!
[laughing]
-This is not fucking funny!
-You're holding a pillow
over your tiny junk.
It's so tiny.
You're both so tiny.
Oop. there's the tiny bum.
That's so cute.
Lindy: Fuck you!
I am gonna fucking kill you!
-Oh. yeah? Try.
-I'm fucking--you're a liar!
You lied!
-What's that?
Did you say something?
-I--fuck you!
You made me this way!
I fucking hate you!
-I think you dropped this.
-Fuck you!
-Are you tap dancing?
-No. Fuck you. Fuck you.
-Hey. hey. I think
this has gone far enough.
-You know what. Richard?
I think you're right.
[tense music playing]
[rumbling]
-Hold on.
This is not good.
-Oh. you think? You think?
I can't believe
you did this on purpose.
On purpose?
Why would you do that?
-You don't--Richard. hey. hey.
-Oh. my God. I feel sick.
-This is not about you. okay?
-Where is my mom?
-Oh. no!
[Richard screams]
-No! Richard!
Richard: Les. Les.
we gotta talk about this.
Les. please.
No man could've resisted
the siren song of that woman.
The beguiling web she weaved.
The hypnotic allure
of that brunch.
She deceived me!
She deceived both of us!
-No.
You deceived me. Richard.
for six and a half months.
[yelps]
We share thoughts.
we share science.
We do not share my wife.
Richard: Les. I'm sorry.
Nothing happened between us.
-[bird chirping]
Richard: I... [groans]
Okay. you're squeezing
kind of tightly.
Les.
[grunting]
Please. Okay.
Oh. where are we going?
[bird chirps]
Richard: Les. no. no. no.
No. no. no. Les.
Les: Hello. Dolores.
Richard: Les. please.
Les. No. Les. you can't do this.
Please. Les. Les!
Les. no! No. please!
Les. Les. Les. no. no. no.
[screams]
No! No!
No! Please. stop!
Oh. I think I'm gonna throw up.
[groaning and yelping]
Please. in the name of science!
-How dare
you blaspheme science?
-No. no.
-On top of everything else.
-No! Please! No. no.
-Meet your new playmate.
pretty bird.
-Please. no.
-His name is Fuck You.
-I don't wanna play
with a bird.
I don't wanna play with a bird.
Oh! [groans]
Oh! Oh!
-[chirping]
Richard: Oh. my God. no!
It's. uh. Dolores. right?
-[squawking]
Good birdie. Good birdie.
Hey.
Oh. Uh. the pen.
Is the pen truly mightier
than the sword?
En garde!
-[screeching]
-I'm coming. Richard.
I'm coming.
[gasps]
[footsteps thudding]
-Oh.
Shit.
Okay. Okay.
[power shuts down]
-Oh. what is he doing?
[gasps]
[metallic clicking]
-What is that?
-[beeps]
Shut the fuck up. Space Anus.
[ominous music playing]
-Live in darkness.
[Lindy grunting]
[groaning. panting]
[bird cage clatters]
-Richard?
Richie!
[suspenseful music playing]
-Richard!
Richie.
[gasps]
Richard!
Richie!
Richard! Where are you?
Richie? I'm sorry.
I know this is all my fault.
[phone dings]
-Oh. fuck.
That is a lot of texts.
Wait.
[phone dings]
-What?
No. Oh. my God.
What is she...?
Jenna: Good morning.
We recently featured
Pulitzer Prize-winning author
Lindy Littlejohn
on the Read with Jenna
segment of our show.
We've learned Lindy's
been accused of plagiarizing
her recently published
New Yorker short story.
"Untitled on Purpose."
The shocking allegation
originated from an unexpected
and personal place.
a viral TikTok video
posted by the author's
own daughter...
-[gasps]
-...Louise Littlejohn.
-So. my mom is a. quote.
"successful writer." unquote.
-Lulu!
-She wrote one book
150 years ago.
Anyway. this week.
out of nowhere.
Mom drops a short story
in The New Yorker?
And everyone loses
their [bleep] over it.
Well. I'm gonna let you in
on a big secret.
My mom didn't write it.
She stole it from one
of her students.
-What the actual fuck?
Lulu: The truth is. my mom
doesn't even write anymore.
She spends her days
watching Housewives
and making fake
Paris Review accounts
so she can [bleep] talk
other writers.
-You...
Jenna: We were unable
to reach Lindy Littlejohn
directly for comment.
but we were able to reach
the author's mother.
Diane McMichael Jones.
who is widely suspected
to have inspired
the mother character
in her daughter's
Pulitzer Prize-winning
debut novel.
My Rainbow Starts with Black.
-No. I have no comment.
Except to say.
I haven't read
Lindy's little story.
But I will say. I didn't care
for her portrayal
of the mother character
in her novel.
-[moaning]
-The real crime
is that Lindy made me out
to be a terrible mother.
which I'm not.
Jenna: What a wild.
unexpected turn
for Lindy Littlejohn.
We'll continue
to follow this story
and keep you updated
as it develops.
Lulu [on video]: I'm gonna
let you in on a big secret.
My mom didn't write it.
She stole it
from one of her students.
The truth is. my mom
doesn't even write anymore.
She spends her days
watching Housewives
and making fake
Paris Review accounts
so she can shit talk
other writers.
-St. Lulu DeLulu.
-Oh. sorry.
I didn't hear my name.
-I didn't call it.
I want to bring it
to you personally.
-Oh.
Okay. Thank you.
barista:
I also have a complicated
relationship with my mother.
Here. a cakepop. on me.
I hope you like vanilla.
-Thank you.
-Thank you. St. Lulu DeLulu.
[phone dings]
♪ This time of night ♪
♪ Feels like ♪
♪ I'm losing my mind to find ♪
♪ The smell of blood ♪
♪ In my dreams ♪
♪ Darkness and silence bring ♪
♪ The fear in your eyes ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[jazz music playing]
-Here's to us.
-I thought
you were bringing an us.
-No. fuck that us.
New Year. new Les.
-Wow. who knew?
Hilton: Hey!
No Lindy tonight?
-No. no. she's at home.
under a blanket.
not in a party mood. no.
-Oh. Well.
I can't say I blame her.
Uh. that interview turned
into quite the Greek tragedy.
But you can tell me.
I won't tell anyone
other than everyone.
[laughs]
Did she do it?
Plagiarize the story?
-Oh. I don't know.
What? I don't know.
-Right answer.
Deny. deny. deny.
All set for tonight?
-Everything is in place.
Hilton: Great.
General Henderson: Hilton.
-Oh. General.
-May I have a word?
-Oh. of course.
Looking forward
to the party trick.
-Party trick? What?
-A performance.
There are several important
private equity investors here
that Hilton would love
to impress
with a preview of your tech.
-Absolutely not.
I am a scientist.
not a party clown.
You know the tech is incomplete.
What am I supposed to do?
Fake it? No.
-It's just a preview.
short and sweet.
The corn is small. ta-da.
The corn is big. ta-da.
End of story.
-It's fraud.
-It's sales.
-It's my ass in prison
is what it is.
I've already got a journalist
poking around the lab.
asking questions
about Bob the Explainer's
MedBot brother-in-law.
What's to stop Nils
exposing me?
-Let me worry about Nils
and your ass.
It is one worth saving.
Tonight.
the only thing on your mind
should be Nobel.
-Nobel?
-Nobel.
Do you see what I see?
-[gasps]
That's Dr. Emil Schaffhausen.
-Nobel Prize recipient
and current committee member.
Chair. in fact.
-Oh. I did
my postgraduate work
on Dr. Schaffhausen's Theory
of Entanglement Swapping.
He is a bona fide
science genius.
-Yes. Yes. yes. yes.
Just imagine what the support
of a man like that
would do for your career.
-[gasps]
It's just a preview.
short and sweet.
small and big.
-Ta-da.
[phone dings. chimes]
[people chattering]
[phone continues chiming]
[inhales sharply]
[turns off phone]
-Hey. why are you here?
-Why are any of us here?
-Oh. God.
Is this where we are?
Um. well. everyone else
is. uh. down the hall.
getting drunk as hell.
watching the tourists
in Times Square freeze
their asses off.
We're doing a shot every time
a police horse takes a dump.
[chuckles]
-I need something different
in my life.
What's this?
-Something different.
-Did you open this?
-No--yes.
It's my job.
My eyes. then yours.
-Oh. fuck!
What do I do?
[telephone ringing]
-[gasps] It's him. I know it.
-You answer it.
-It's your job.
-I'm actually off the clock.
so you answer it.
-Fuck.
Okay.
Hello. this is Terry.
Lindy: Yeah. it's me.
-It's Lindy.
Oh. I'm not missing
this shit show.
-Your phone is off.
Terry: For just this reason.
-[sighs] You're hiding from me
because you failed me.
-No. no. no. no. no.
You failed me.
What happened to do nothing.
say nothing?
Lindy: You don't understand.
I am so small.
I needed something.
-Well. you're about
to get smaller.
Lindy. the damage
has been done.
The Pulitzer committee
is meeting
and there's talk
of rescinding your award.
-What? No.
No. not--no. they can't.
-They can.
And they most likely will.
Lindy: But...
but what am I without it?
-A former client.
-Terry...
-Brutal but warranted.
-Lindy. I tried.
I really tried.
but I'm somehow still clean
in this. this. this...
-Shit storm. shit sandwich.
a shitnado.
-...shitnado.
I warned you. Lindy.
and you chose Jenna over me.
Over our friendship.
our partnership.
I can't--I can't believe
I'm saying this.
but I. I...
[driving music playing]
I'm officially
cutting ties with you.
Lindy: Terry...
please. No.
Please don't leave me. I...
I have no one.
I am totally alone here.
I. uh--my own mother.
my daughter. my husband.
Les fuckin' hates me.
Uh. it is truly over
between us now.
and I can't lose you. too.
Terry:
I'm sorry it's come to this.
[disconnected tone]
[dramatic music playing]
-Hey. you had to.
I know it's hard.
I'll miss her. too.
Oh. um. Ms. Holden.
Happy New Year.
-Nothing happy. nothing new.
Why did you offer
a Jackie Baldwin
a six-figure book deal
when I've seen no Jackie.
no book.
no email. no proposal?
-Cyd. she is the next
big thing.
-Yeah. well.
you better hope so.
No Lindy.
no Jackie. no imprint.
-Love the top. [chuckles]
Paper trail. you're unclean.
-So are you.
-Fuck.
[electronic music playing]
[rumbles and whooshes]
[crowd gasps]
Hilton: Yeah.
-Now. I need a volunteer.
Sir.
[music continues]
-That's fantastisch.
That's wonderful.
The corn has been miniaturized
into what appears to be
one-tenth its original size.
-One-twelfth. to be precise.
And now...
[music continues]
[sizzling]
[cheers and applause]
-I did not expect...
-Two-minute warning.
-Not now.
-These are serious
implications. you know.
You must be--
-Dr. Littlejohn.
it's been
an explosive evening.
-Sir. uh...
-Quick. the corn. go.
-Here we are.
I was just saying
to. um. Dr. Schaffhausen.
who was expecting an explosion.
how clever it was that
we mitigated the explosion
by storing the exothermally
generated energy
on a subatomic level.
Vivienne: Yes.
it was an explosive...
[explodes]
[Janet screams]
-...discovery.
-To an explosive New Year!
man: Yeah!
[cheers and applause]
[whirring]
-[sighs]
I've hit rock bottom.
It's all fucking gone.
What is the point?
[whirring stops]
[gasps]
Richie. you're alive.
Oh. my God.
-No. no. no. You disgust me.
I-I mean it. I'm disgusted.
It consumes me.
My heart. my mind. my soul.
everything hurts.
-Richie.
Oh. God. I'm so sorry.
But I--
-But...
-Well. but--
a true apology should never
include a qualifier.
-You're right.
I'm sorry. No but.
What I did was inexcusable.
I had no idea Les
was gonna react like that.
I didn't think it through.
I...
-I suppose a reaction
of that magnitude
couldn't have been predicted.
-I. uh. I need you...
now more than ever.
You have no idea
what has happened to me.
-What happened...
-I--
-...to you?
-Uh. yeah. The--this--
-I have the floor.
-Okay.
-I'm gonna finish
my monologue.
-Of course.
-I was forced to do
unspeakable things
to one of God's
beloved creatures.
I was coerced into abandoning
my moral code
and playing a part
in your marital folly.
but I am not above reproach.
I am guilty on two counts.
One. in the name of love.
and the other.
in the name of science.
I believe in Les.
I believe he'll solve
the restoration formula
before his 30-day deadline.
And I will beg him...
to forgive me.
then I will throw myself
at the mercy of science
in the hopes of being restored
to my regular size.
-Did you say
30-day deadline?
-That is what you heard?
-No.
No. I heard. uh--
I heard it all.
The folly. and the Les.
and the--uh. but what--
-But?
-But...
-But what the fuck
is the 30-day deadline?
-According to the contract.
Les has 30 days
to solve the formula
or he's fired and the tech
reverts to Hilton.
He has 22 days left.
-He only ever had 30 days?
And now he only has...
-Twenty-two.
-Oh. my God.
-Oh. it's closer to 21.
actually.
-Another fuckin' lie!
-Oh. my golly.
Lindy: Right?
Richard: No.
-Wait. Where are you going?
-I need space from you.
-Okay. But...
-I'm getting my own place.
-[sighs]
Fucking Les.
He's gonna pay for this.
[crowd cheering]
Lindy [on recording]:
What kind of monster
makes a horrible TikTok video
about their own mother?
You are a spoiled child
and a lying liar.
-Whoo. Mommy mad.
If you thought
that was crazy.
wait until you hear
DJ Todd's remix!
[horn sounds]
[crowd cheers]
-Yo. mic drop. Mic drop!
crowd [chanting]:
Mic drop! Mic drop!
[microphone squeals]
Lindy: ♪ Liar. liar. lie. liar ♪
♪ Liar. liar. lying liar. ♪
♪ Liar. lie. lie. liar ♪
♪ Monster. monster ♪
♪ Liar. liar... ♪
-Mic Drop.
-Hey. want a shot?
-Yeah. Okay.
Lindy: ♪ Monster. monster ♪
♪ What kind of monster ♪
♪ Makes a horrible ♪
♪ TikTok video ♪
♪ About their own mother? ♪
♪ You are a spoiled child ♪
♪ And a lying liar ♪
♪ What kind of monster... ♪
-Who are you?
-What?
I don't recognize you.
-I'm St. Lulu DeLulu.
-You got half that right.
Lulu: Hey. I read the book.
How fuckin' Lindy was my move?
-Very.
-See?
-I think you missed the point.
-That was the point.
-Want another drink?
-Sure. boss.
-Me too!
-Pace yourself. DeLulu.
[electronic music playing]
-Can I fuckin' help you?
-I don't want your help.
-Wow. judgment
from the shirtless wonder.
-She's your mom.
-She's a liar.
-You'll regret it.
-Fuck that.
I am her literal regret.
-Well. you sure are living up
to that title. aren't you?
♪ Pull me places ♪
♪ To the end of the... ♪
[muffled rock music playing]
[door opens]
[knocks on door]
Mike: You good?
-I'm peeing.
Mike: You're scrolling.
-Fuck off. Tarzan.
-No one made you come here.
-My bladder made me come here.
-You think you're so clever.
I know you came here tonight
to see me.
-Yeah. says the guy who
followed me into the bathroom?
-What if I did?
Does that frighten you?
-A little.
Did you buy that?
-I kinda wanted to.
Is that bad?
-Kind of.
-But you kinda liked it.
-You did.
You followed me in here.
-Busted.
[door opens. closes]
Les: Lindy.
Lindy.
Guess who's getting
his big prize.
Guess who's gonna open
a bottle
of not-to-be-opened-never? Me.
Oh. it's--Richard.
Richard?
[suspenseful music playing]
Dolores? Richard.
Oh. God. Oh. God.
Oh.
Is that blood?
Whose blood?
Oh. is that--
is that human flesh?
God. Richard?
Richard?
Richard. I'm--I'm--I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I--
Richard. I was angry
and I was hurt
and I thought a few pecks
would even the score.
Richard?
Richard. please.
Please. Richard.
reveal yourself.
Lind-- Lindy?
[music continues]
Lindy? Lindy.
It's all a dream. all a dream.
Have I killed a man?
A man of science. no less.
[jazz music playing]
-Are you Anonymous?
-That is the only way
this works.
-Okay.
I'm not used to the whole
cloak-and-dagger routine.
You know.
it's Scientific American.
-Do you know who I am?
-Yeah. you're...Anonymous.
-You passed.
Drive.
-Hoo. [sniffles]
[app trills then chimes]
-Richard.
-Janet.
Janet: Happy New Year.
-Happy New Year to you. too.
-Uh. what happened
to your head?
-Oh. I just--I had
an altercation with a bird.
-On the farm?
-Yeah. something like that.
So. listen.
I just wanted to say
thank you for the quill pen.
It. um. saved my life.
-Oh. well. the pen
is mightier than the sword.
Richard: I can attest to that.
Where are you?
-I'm at the lab.
in the creepy basement.
Uh. here to reboot the.
uh. thermal energy tank.
-You drew the short straw
again?
-Uh-hmm.
-Bob should've stepped up.
-Oh. yeah. It's...
It's okay. I was. um--
I was out anyway.
-Ohh? You on a date?
-No. no.
I was. um--
it was a work event.
You wouldn't guess where.
-Tell me everything.
Janet:
It was at Hilton's mansion.
He invited all of us.
me and the Bobs--
Well. not the Bobs so much.
-[sighs]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[screams]
[fire alarm beeping]
-Oh. fuck! Oh. fuck! Oh. Oh.
Oh. fuck. Oh. Oh.
-Happy New Year. Les.
-Oh!
[fire alarm stops]
-Where's Richard?!
-Who knows? Weren't you
the last one to see him?
How's the formula coming.
huh?
What have you got.
22 days left?
Or is it technically 21 now?
-Lindy...
Either way.
I bet you're so close.
Make that the epitaph
of my tiny headstone. fucker.
-I didn't wanna tell you
'cause I didn't wanna
worry you.
-And I'm not worried!
I've accepted.
You can't solve the formula.
-I will solve the formula!
Lindy: Fuck you!
You lie even to yourself.
[chuckles] I've made peace
with being six inches tall.
I even kinda like it.
And I plan to make
the next 21 days of your life
a living hell.
-What? Why?
-Careful. sweetie.
Your ass is on fire.
[fire alarm beeping]
[Lindy laughs]
[fire alarm stops]
-Oh. God.
I've created a tiny monster.
Oh! Oh. no.
The stars have claimed
one of their own.
It's been an honor.
Space Colonel.
[music continues]
[birds chirping]
[hawk screeches]
-[grunts] Oh.
What the fuck?
Where...
where...
-I'll see your tiny cat.
Dr. Littlejohn.
-[gasping]
Vivienne: And raise you a tiny.
silenced reporter.
[gasps]
Ta-da.
[rock music playing]
[Nils screaming]
♪ Let's dance ♪
♪ Put on your red shoes ♪
♪ And dance the blues ♪
♪ Let's dance ♪
♪ To the song ♪
♪ They're playing ♪
♪ On the radio ♪
♪ Let's sway ♪
♪ While color lights up ♪
♪ Your face ♪
♪ Let's sway ♪
♪ Sway through the crowd ♪
♪ To an empty space ♪
♪ Let's dance. let's dance ♪
♪ Let's dance ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm